docs: add basic environment config (#2654)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/environments.mdx

# environments

> Rsbuild supports building multiple environment products. You can define multiple environments through `environments` and define different Rsbuild configurations for different environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rsbuild supports building outputs for multiple environments. You can use `environments` to define different Rsbuild configurations for each environment.
```

> The configuration in `environments` can override the outer Rsbuild basic configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration in `environments` overrides the outer Rsbuild base configuration.
```

- **Type:**

```ts

> export interface EnvironmentConfig {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface EnvironmentConfig {
```

  /**
   * Options for HTML generation.
   */
  html?: HtmlConfig;
  /**
   * Options for the low-level tools.
   */
  tools?: ToolsConfig;
  /**
   * Options for source code parsing and compilation.
   */
  source?: SourceConfig;
  /**
   * Options for build outputs.
   */
  output?: OutputConfig;
  /**
   * Options for Web security.
   */
  security?: SecurityConfig;
  /**
   * Options for build performance and runtime performance.
   */
  performance?: PerformanceConfig;
  /**
   * Options for module federation.
   */
  moduleFederation?: ModuleFederationConfig;
}

type Environments = {
  [name: string]: EnvironmentConfig;
};
```

- **Default:** `undefined`

## Example

> Configure rsbuild configuration for client and ssr environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Rsbuild configuration for `web` (client) and `node` (SSR) environments:
```

```ts title="rsbuild.config.ts"
export default {
  // Shared configuration for all environments
  source: {
    alias: {
      '@common': './src/common',
    },
  },
  environments: {
    // configuration for client

>     client: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    web: {
```

      source: {
        alias: {
          '@common1': './src/web/common1',
        },
        entry: {
          index: './src/index.client.js',
        },
      },
      output: {
        target: 'web',
      },
    },

>     // configuration for ssr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // configuration for SSR
```

>     ssr: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    node: {
```

      source: {
        alias: {
          '@common1': './src/ssr/common1',
        },
        entry: {
          index: './src/index.server.js',
        },
      },
      output: {
        target: 'node',
      },
    },
  },
};
```

> The final rsbuild configuration that takes effect in the client environment is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `web` environment, the merged Rsbuild configuration is:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const webConfig = {
```

  source: {
    alias: {
      "@common": "./src/common",
      "@common1": "./src/web/common1",
    },
    entry: {
      index: "./src/index.client.js",
    },
  },
  output: {
    target: "web",
  },
};
```

> The final rsbuild configuration that takes effect in the ssr environment is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `node` environment, the merged Rsbuild configuration is:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const nodeConfig = {
```
